src/beating-children.md, before:

+++
title = 'You Should Beat Your Children!'
desc = 'Why you should start beating your children today (and how to do so).'
date = '24.06.2025'
+++

I am a person of principle. I have strong moral values that I uphold whenever possible; I like to consider justice to be one of them.

As of late, I have reached an epiphany—no, an *enlightenment*. I have realised the ultimate form of justice. That is, to beat children.

You might ask, "orangc, how is this justice"? Well, please think carefully. If it isn't justice to beat up such a punchable looking face (and all children have terribly punchable faces), then what is? You might as well ask "how is it just to jail a man for commiting mass murder"? The answer is, ***this is justice***.

Moral values, of course, is not the only reason as to why you should beat children. Scientific studies show that beating up children (especially for zero reason whatsoever) relieves stress at a rate higher than taking two month vacations (suggesting that we can now make more efficient uses of our time) and even serves as a cure for depression[^1].

[^1]: Unfortunately, with our current methods of beating children, the more chronic strains of depression require much longer periods of beatings.

On top of this, beating children is extremely healthy[^2] and is perhaps the best possible form of exercise. Many of us face motivation issues when it comes to exercise; we think to ourselves, "oh, just for today, I won't go to the gym"— and this becomes a vicious cycle that repeats until we simply give up on ourselves. Worry not, however; with this solution, exercise is *actually enjoyable*!

[^2]: Studies show that beating children slows down the rate of aging in the human body by 15%, and additionally prevents cancer.

Beating children up (especially for no reason[^3]) also is an extremely enjoyable activity. I'm sure I'm not the only one whose favourite daydreams are the ones with child abuse in them; but what's stopping us from bringing these dreams to reality? That's right; *absolutely nothing*!

[^3]: Our tests have proven that having no justifiable reason to suddenly beat a child increases dopamine release rates by almost 200%.

Perhaps you still (somehow) find my argument unconvincing. If that's the case, I recommend you try this practice— no, *art*— for a week. See how it goes; after all, there's no harm in doing so. 

Now, let us move on to the *how* of beating children.

## How to Beat Your Children
The first thing you must take into consideration is *equiqment*. Equiqment is extremely important. There's no doubting, of course, that punching a child in the face is an extremely enjoyable activity; however, with the right equiqment, one can acheive a new level of satisfaction.

That is why it is important to have a wide variety of *weapons* at your disposal. My own preferred weapon of choice is the sandal; it is easily accessible, and, as a projectile weapon with excellent aerodynamic qualities, you don't even have to get up from your $5 lawn chair to inflict damage.

Other common choices are the kitchen spatula, rolling pin, yardstick, the belt for maximum damage, and clothing hangers. I recommend experimenting with the items at your disposal to find what works best for you.

Next up, let's discuss *timing*. As I mentioned earlier, one of the best ways to beat your child is doing it suddenly, and for no reason. However, that's actually not the *best* approach. The best approach is making a *ridiculous* reason. A favourite of mine is beating the child for breathing the wrong way (or too loudly). The only way to combat this is for the child to stop breathing; and if he does so, then all the better for us! We're rid of one more pest.

Wrapping up, a fun tip I recommend to aspiring kid-beaters is to *beat the child in public*. This causes embarrassment and emotional damage— which we will delve into more detail with in the next section.

## Emotional Damage
Up until now, I've been talking about physical beatings. However, this isn't the only way to hurt a child. Emotional damage is also a great and easy method of inflicting pain.

There are many methods of inflicting emotional damage on a child. My personal favourite is comparing them to another child that does better than them (especially in academic aspects). Again, I always recommend that aspiring kid-beaters experiment with the methods and techniques that work best with them.

Here are some other tried and tested methods that have been used across the ages:

1. Set ridiculously high expectations for the child (especially in academics) and then, once they fulfill your expectations, make them feel terrible— as if your expectations were actually supremely low and you had actually expected even better from them. If they fail to meet your expectations, that's even better­— this allows you to call them a failure and an embarrassment to the family.
2. Give instructions that are impossible to fulfill, then call the child an idiot for being unable to fulfill them.
3. Bombard them with stories about how, in spite of the much harsher conditions and lifestyle, you were so much smarter and hardworking than them back in *your* day.
4. ~~Urge them to kil—~~[^4]

[^4]: If you or someone you know is considering suicide, please don't be complacent. Call (or urge the person in question) to call a [hotline](https://sossilenceofsuicide.org/). Remember that you're important; God loves you.

## Conclusion
This article was a joke. If you or a child you know is undergoing domestic abuse, please call the authorities! Domestic abuse is wrong and, behind the jokes, I genuinely don't condone it.

Commit message:

posts/beating-children: add this is a joke section

src/beating-children.md, after:

+++
title = 'You Should Beat Your Children!'
desc = 'Why you should start beating your children today (and how to do so).'
date = '24.06.2025'
hidden = true
+++

Note, this is a joke, see the [This Is A Joke](#this-is-a-joke) section.

I am a person of principle. I have strong moral values that I uphold whenever possible; I like to consider justice to be one of them.

As of late, I have reached an epiphany—no, an *enlightenment*. I have realised the ultimate form of justice. That is, to beat children.

You might ask, "orangc, how is this justice"? Well, please think carefully. If it isn't justice to beat up such a punchable looking face (and all children have terribly punchable faces), then what is? You might as well ask "how is it just to jail a man for commiting mass murder"? The answer is, ***this is justice***.

Moral values, of course, is not the only reason as to why you should beat children. Scientific studies show that beating up children (especially for zero reason whatsoever) relieves stress at a rate higher than taking two month vacations (suggesting that we can now make more efficient uses of our time) and even serves as a cure for depression[^1].

[^1]: Unfortunately, with our current methods of beating children, the more chronic strains of depression require much longer periods of beatings.

On top of this, beating children is extremely healthy[^2] and is perhaps the best possible form of exercise. Many of us face motivation issues when it comes to exercise; we think to ourselves, "oh, just for today, I won't go to the gym"— and this becomes a vicious cycle that repeats until we simply give up on ourselves. Worry not, however; with this solution, exercise is *actually enjoyable*!

[^2]: Studies show that beating children slows down the rate of aging in the human body by 15%, and additionally prevents cancer.

Beating children up (especially for no reason[^3]) also is an extremely enjoyable activity. I'm sure I'm not the only one whose favourite daydreams are the ones with child abuse in them; but what's stopping us from bringing these dreams to reality? That's right; *absolutely nothing*!

[^3]: Our tests have proven that having no justifiable reason to suddenly beat a child increases dopamine release rates by almost 200%.

Perhaps you still (somehow) find my argument unconvincing. If that's the case, I recommend you try this practice— no, *art*— for a week. See how it goes; after all, there's no harm in doing so. 

Now, let us move on to the *how* of beating children.

## How to Beat Your Children
The first thing you must take into consideration is *equiqment*. Equiqment is extremely important. There's no doubting, of course, that punching a child in the face is an extremely enjoyable activity; however, with the right equiqment, one can acheive a new level of satisfaction.

That is why it is important to have a wide variety of *weapons* at your disposal. My own preferred weapon of choice is the sandal; it is easily accessible, and, as a projectile weapon with excellent aerodynamic qualities, you don't even have to get up from your $5 lawn chair to inflict damage.

Other common choices are the kitchen spatula, rolling pin, yardstick, the belt for maximum damage, and clothing hangers. I recommend experimenting with the items at your disposal to find what works best for you.

Next up, let's discuss *timing*. As I mentioned earlier, one of the best ways to beat your child is doing it suddenly, and for no reason. However, that's actually not the *best* approach. The best approach is making a *ridiculous* reason. A favourite of mine is beating the child for breathing the wrong way (or too loudly). The only way to combat this is for the child to stop breathing; and if he does so, then all the better for us! We're rid of one more pest.

Wrapping up, a fun tip I recommend to aspiring kid-beaters is to *beat the child in public*. This causes embarrassment and emotional damage— which we will delve into more detail with in the next section.

## Emotional Damage
Up until now, I've been talking about physical beatings. However, this isn't the only way to hurt a child. Emotional damage is also a great and easy method of inflicting pain.

There are many methods of inflicting emotional damage on a child. My personal favourite is comparing them to another child that does better than them (especially in academic aspects). Again, I always recommend that aspiring kid-beaters experiment with the methods and techniques that work best with them.

Here are some other tried and tested methods that have been used across the ages:

1. Set ridiculously high expectations for the child (especially in academics) and then, once they fulfill your expectations, make them feel terrible— as if your expectations were actually supremely low and you had actually expected even better from them. If they fail to meet your expectations, that's even better­— this allows you to call them a failure and an embarrassment to the family.
2. Give instructions that are impossible to fulfill, then call the child an idiot for being unable to fulfill them.
3. Bombard them with stories about how, in spite of the much harsher conditions and lifestyle, you were so much smarter and hardworking than them back in *your* day.
4. ~~Urge them to kil—~~[^4]

[^4]: If you or someone you know is considering suicide, please don't be complacent. Call (or urge the person in question) to call a [hotline](https://sossilenceofsuicide.org/). Remember that you're important; God loves you.

## This Is A Joke
This article is a joke. If you or a child you know is undergoing domestic abuse, please call the authorities! Domestic abuse is wrong and, behind the jokes, I genuinely don't condone it. Countless childrens' lives are practically ruined by domestic abuse. It's not only wrong, it's downright evil. No child deserves to go through it. And yes, hitting children is domestic abuse, so don't try to claim otherwise.

Additionally, as a Muslim to any other Muslims who have stumbled on this; hitting children is *haram*. Absolutely forbidden. Please don't.
